Final Exam

https://foothillcollege.instructure.com/courses/1916/assignments/26965#submit
Rationale:

Usually in real-world software development projects, we do not start from scratch. We have already existing code that
we have to modify, extend, understand, document and test, because the requirements have changed or use cases have changed.

The goal of the final is to make you go through a mini-version of this so you get the experience. You will use:

1. git( a code versioning system) to keep track of your code revisions and changes you make to the code.
2. The python unittest framework for your test cases to make sure your code is up to specifications
3. Sphinx and the automatic documentation features using python docstrings (documentations strings) like we have used throughout the beginning of the class.


Sometimes the requirements are a little ambiguous, this is normal, no software specification is exact from the get go,
it undergoes iterative refinement, till it converges to the customer needs.
So this specification/requirements are subject to change as well, to help clarify or to add features to the program.

The project is a tic tac toe game, written using pygame.
Currently, as  it stands it works but is barely object oriented, also customers are
requesting a few more features to the tic-tac toe game to make sure our users are satisfied.


Redesign the game using object-oriented principles and patterns to be more extensible:
TopTotal Python Patterns (Links to an external site.),
Design Patterns in Python (Links to an external site.)

Sounds: Sounds should be made by the game after each play by each player and also when the game is completed.
        The game should also play a different sound to signify the end of the game.

Gameplay: Have the screen indicate, whose turn it is to play.  At the end of the game,
          give the option to play another game or end the game.

Change the game User Interface(UI) to be a little more colourful. As currently the game is in black and white.

Properly document the program and its functionality using Sphinx:
Sphinx Official documentation (Links to an external site.),
help with sphinx documentation (Links to an external site.),
another site to help you with documenting your code (Links to an external site.).

Every method, class should be documented with what the function/class does as well.

Appropriate unit test cases should be written for the application using the python unittest module.
The code should be tested thoroughly. Every function should be tested.